hi this is Grace Fitzpatrick here on
behalf of expert village and I'm here to
talk to you today about how to choose a
sock for your sock puppet there's a lot
of thought that goes into choosing the
right sock for your sock puppet chances
are if you're going to be making a sock
puppet you're probably going to be
choosing from socks that are already in
your collection basically you have to
work with what you have I'm going to
show you a couple different kinds of
socks and talk about the disadvantages
and advantages of each one and then I'm
going to choose the sock that I'm going
to make it into a sock puppet today so
something you want to think about when
you're choosing your sock for your sock
puppet is how your sock is going to be
when it's on your arm if you are an
adult and you're making the sock puppet
for yourself your arm is going to be a
little bit bigger than a child might so
you want to think about who you're
making the sock puppet for I'm going to
give you an example now if I were to
choose a like an athletic sock from my
collection it's going to give me a
certain aesthetic when I put it on my
hand it doesn't go down very far so I'm
going to say this isn't a very good
choice for a sock puppet you want your
sock puppet to have to go down to about
here so that you have sort of like a
body for your character that you're
going to be making so let's just card
any athletic socks you also want to
think about the color of your sock
puppet and I'm going to show you now
three different colors we have sort of a
taupe a dark brown and a tan and if you
choose the dark socks you want to
remember that your features are going to
then need to stand out from the sock and
I happen to know that I'm going to be
using some darker and more colorful
supplies so I might want to choose talk
with a lighter background but maybe not
white just to give it a little variation
and remember that you're going to be
choosing from probably socks with no
mate in your sock drawer so you may not
have much of a choice but you do want to
keep all these things in mind